Support dynamic client certificate resolution (ResolvesClientCert) (#1340)
temporalio/sdk-core: CHANGELOG.md

>   associated type instead of a generic output parameter.
> 
> ## [0.6.0] - 2026-08-04
> ## [0.5.0]
> 
> ### Added
> * Workers are now automatically enrolled into poller autoscaling when the namespace advertises the
>   `poller_autoscaling_auto_enroll` capability. This only applies to poller types left at their
>   default (the worker set neither a fixed poller count nor a poller behavior); explicitly
>   configured pollers are left unchanged.
> * Support for dynamic client certificate resolution via `TlsOptions::client_cert_resolver`, which
>   accepts an `Arc<dyn ResolvesClientCert>` for per-handshake mTLS certificate selection. This enables
>   transparent certificate rotation without process restarts — useful for short-lived certificates
>   managed by Vault, cert-manager, or HSM-backed signers. `ResolvesClientCert`, `CertifiedKey`, and
>   `SignatureScheme` are re-exported from the crate root for convenience.
> * `client()` and `workflow_handle()` helpers to `ActivityContext` for easily obtaining a Temporal client
> * Exposed `backoff_start_interval` when continuing as new, which will delay the first task of the
>   continued workflow by the configured interval.
> * The `tls-ring` / `tls-aws-lc` features now also select the TLS crypto backend for the OTLP metric
>   exporter (in addition to the gRPC service client). Previously the OTLP exporter hardcoded the `ring`
>   backend regardless of the selected feature, which prevented producing a `ring`-free, `aws-lc-rs`-only
>   (FIPS-capable) build. Building with `--no-default-features --features tls-aws-lc,otel` now yields a
>   dependency tree free of `ring`.
> 
> ### Fixed
> * `GetSystemInfo` connection initialization now only falls back to empty server capabilities when
>   `UNIMPLEMENTED` indicates the RPC method is missing. Other `UNIMPLEMENTED` responses are
>   reported as connection errors.
> * Connection initialization now retries once with gRPC compression disabled if the eager
>   `GetSystemInfo` call fails because the server cannot decompress gzip.
> * Awaiting a Nexus operation's result (`StartedNexusOperation::result()`) no longer trips
>   nondeterminism detection ("a waker was invoked by a non-SDK source", TMPRL1100) on replay. The
>   result future is a `Shared`, whose internal waker machinery must be polled inside an `SdkWakeGuard`
>   (as `join_all` already is); it now is. Previously, a workflow that awaited a Nexus operation result
>   and then kept running (e.g. parked on a `wait_condition`) would fail its workflow task whenever it
>   was replayed — breaking queries and durable recovery for that execution.
> 
> ### Security
> * Replaced the unmaintained `backoff` dependency with `backon` for exponential retry and poll
>   backoff, clearing [RUSTSEC-2025-0012](https://rustsec.org/advisories/RUSTSEC-2025-0012) from
>   downstream security audits. Retry timing is preserved: exponential growth,
>   `randomization_factor` jitter, and the total retry-time budget behave as before.
> 
> ### Breaking Changes
> * The `ActivityContext` constructor now requires `ClientOptions`.
> * `WorkerConfig::{workflow,activity,nexus}_task_poller_behavior` and the corresponding Rust SDK
>   `WorkerOptions` fields are now `Option<PollerBehavior>`. `None` means the poller was not explicitly
>   configured and is eligible for automatic enrollment into poller autoscaling.
> ### Breaking Changes
> 
> - Rust SDK `ApplicationFailure` and `WorkflowError` APIs now use boxed `std::error::Error` values instead of
>   `anyhow::Error`.
> 
> ## [Unreleased]

Reviewer: Changelog got a little messed up.

```suggestion
## Unreleased

### Added
* Support for dynamic client certificate resolution via `TlsOptions::client_cert_resolver`, which
  accepts an `Arc<dyn ResolvesClientCert>` for per-handshake mTLS certificate selection. This enables
  transparent certificate rotation without process restarts — useful for short-lived certificates
  managed by Vault, cert-manager, or HSM-backed signers. `ResolvesClientCert`, `CertifiedKey`, and
  `SignatureScheme` are re-exported from the crate root for convenience.

### Breaking Changes :boom:
* `CancellableFuture` and `CancellableFutureWithReason` now use the inherited `Future::Output`
associated type instead of a generic output parameter.

## [0.6.0] - 2026-08-04
```
